Microservice sdk links (#1330)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/client-library.md

### Subscribing to Notifications 2.0

The Notifications 2.0 API can be accessed in a very similar manner as described above in [Accessing the inventory](#accessing-the-inventory).

> See [Notifications 2.0](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.17.0/reference/notifications/) for more details about the API.

Reviewer: the reference guide is not included in the new design.
this should probably be an API link for now

Author: ```suggestion
See [Notifications 2.0](https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Notification-2.0-API) for more details about the API.
```

        1440,                       // The token expiration duration in minutes.
        false);

> // The obtained token is required for establishing a WebSocket connection. Refer to [Notifications 2.0](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.17.0/reference/notifications/) for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
// The obtained token is required for establishing a WebSocket connection. Refer to [Notifications 2.0](https://cumulocity.com/api/core/#tag/Notification-2.0-API) for more details.
```

> // The obtained token is required for establishing a WebSocket connection. Refer to [Notifications 2.0](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.17.0/reference/notifications/) in the *Reference guide* for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The obtained token is required for establishing a WebSocket connection. Refer to [Notifications 2.0](https://cumulocity.com/guides/10.17.0/reference/notifications/) for more details.
```
api link
